27 July 2025
Gaziosmanpaşa. pashador'un havuzu vardı. etraf dırzo barzo ve hırbo dolu idi. havuzdan çıkmıştık etrafta bir sürü serseri filan vardı. daha sonra emir ile birlikte tramvaya bindik ama tramvay vapur ve tramvay karışımı bir şey. birisi bizi tramvaya binerken takip etti, bu vagona mı biniyorsunuz dedi. ben annemi aradım "anne etrafta çok... şey var... uuh... tehlikeli?" arkamdaki bunu söylediğimi duyan bir tanesi bana silah ve kılıç gösterdi ben anneme yalvarmaya başladım ama sürekli "yahu bişi olmaz işte gel yürüyerek ne olacak" diyip duruyordu. adamın yanından ayrılıp gergin bir şekilde yürümeye devam ettik. the end


I was in a relatively insecure neighborhood of Istanbul. There was a mall that had a pool right in the middle. The pool was full of fade cut weirdos with pocket knives and whatnot (Turkish gopniks, they are called "keko"). I got out of the pool while thinking, "There sure is a lot of piss in this pool". I was walking to the tram with a lot of kekos staring at me as if they were about to attack me. (My friend, E, started walking with me here; he just appeared out of nowhere).

It was very unpleasant, but we arrived at the tram station safely. The tram was like a mixture of a train and a ferry. It had a train body with a ferry deck around it. One keko followed us to the tram station and asked if we were going to ride this train; he then boarded the same train after us. We felt disturbed there, and then we went out on the deck to get some fresh air. Keko followed us to the deck. I talked with E, and we got off the train at the next station. The keko disappeared into the crowd.

When we were walking out of the tram station, there were still a lot of kekos around. I called mom "mom... there are so many... around here... danger mom.. it's dangerous here...". A keko heard me and pulled out a sword and a gun. He was showing these to me with a grin on his face, but like, the sword was just hanging out of its scabbard, and he was holding the gun in his palm like a coin, not holding the grip. Regardless, I got scared, I started screaming to my mom, "mom please help me mom take me send someone I want home mom". But my mom was continuously telling me stuff like, "oh it's not a big deal just walk home it's safe no problem what could happen it's fine". We walked away from the guy, still very nervous. The end 